Add changelog for v1.8.3 (#4605)
spiffe/spire: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> ## [1.8.2] - 2023-10-25

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [1.8.3] - 2023-10-25
```

### Added

> - The spire-agent has a more uniform distribution of SVID renewal requests to spire-server (#4534)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- SPIRE Agent distributes sync requests to the SPIRE server to mitigate thundering herd situations (#4534)
```

- Documentation improvements (#4579, #4569)

### Changed

> - The Spire agent now retries to sync on startup (#4479)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- SPIRE agent performs the initial sync more aggressively when tuned with a longer sync interval (#4479)
```

### Fixed

- Release artifacts have the correct version information (#4564)

> - The spire agent to prevent to use `insecureBootstrap` and `trustBundleUrl` at the same time (#4532)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The SPIRE Agent `insecureBootstrap` and `trustBundleUrl` configurables are now mutually exclusive (#4532)
```

> - Credential composer can parse claims (#4489)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Bug preventing JWT-SVIDs from being minted when a Credential Composer plugin is configured (#4489)
```
